= Markov Chain

== DESCRIPTION

A simple library for creating Markov chains from strings of text.

== SYNOPSIS

  require 'markov_chain'

  # Generate a chain and return the results
  MarkovChain.grow_string 'foo' # ["foo", "foon", "foone", "foona", "foong", "foonan", "foones" ...

  # Explicitly load the default dictionary
  MarkovChain.load_dictionary!

  # Load a custom dictionary
  MarkovChain.load_dictionary! '/path/to/dictionary'

  # Check if a dictionary is loaded
  MarkovChain.dictionary_loaded?

  # Check the path of the loaded dictionary
  MarkovChain.dictionary # '/path/to/dictionary'

  # Specify the max number of words returned and the size of those words
  MarkovChain.grow_string('foo', :max_size => 6, :max_word_length => 4) # ["foo", "foon", "foong", "foone", "foona", "foongl"]

== LIMITATIONS

This library currently only supports the extension of words, character by
character.  In the future, it ought to be able to build a Markov Chain using
any kind of input array.

== INSTALL:

  gem install markov_chain

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Alex Rabarts

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
